Calculation on calculation is not supported (#1688)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/customize-integrations/configure-data-model/setup-blueprint/properties/calculation-property/calculation-property.md

}
```

:::warning Calculation on calculation is not supported

> Calculation properties can <b>not</b> be used as template values for other calculation properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calculation properties <b>cannot</b> be used as template values for other calculation properties.
```

}
```

:::warning Calculation on calculation is not supported

> Calculation properties can <b>not</b> be used as template values for other calculation properties 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calculation properties can <b>not</b> be used as template values for other calculation properties.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
